Reports in API (#1626)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: v6/postman/design_and_develop_apis/reporting_faqs.md

---
title: "Reporting FAQs"
page_id: "Reporting FAQs"
warning: false
---

> 1.	Are these reports generated real-time?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	Are these reports generated in real-time?
```

    The reports are not generated real-time. They may show you a lag of a few minutes to 24 hours. You can view the last updated time to know the time when the reports were last refreshed:

    [![team api req](https://s3.amazonaws.com/postman-static-getpostman-com/postman-docs/Reports-LastUpdated.png)](https://s3.amazonaws.com/postman-static-getpostman-com/postman-docs/Reports-LastUpdated.png) 

> 2.	What kind of reports can I see now?

Reviewer: I really don't think this question is necessary. We're not giving any more information than what a user can see on the UI itself.

    You can see both Team and API-level reports. You will be able to view all the APIs shared within the team. 

3.	Can I view reports for individual collections?

    Yes, you can view reports for the individual collections if your collection is linked to an API. 

4.	How do I download/export reports?

    At the moment, Postman does not allow you to download or export your reports. However, Postman will soon enable you to do this. 

5.	I don’t see any data in reports, why?

    There could be multiple reasons for not seeing data in your reports: 

    1. It is too early to check. The data refreshes every 24 hours and it may be possible that the data was not refreshed yet. 
    
    2. You might have linked a wrong collection to your API.

    3. You might have forgotten to link the collection to your API.

>     4. You may be looking for an API which is not shared.

Reviewer: If it's not shared, it won't show up in the reports sidebar anyway, yes? This seems to be answering a different question, namely why I don't see an API in my reports.

    5. You did not send any request.

>     6. You executed requests from Monitoring/Collection Run/Newman but not from history tab.

Reviewer: We should combine 5 & 6. Also, you don't execute requests from the "history tab." The history tab is the data source that the reports are drawing from. The request is executed from the request builder in the app. We need to come up with a better way of describing this, because it's an issue in the UI as well where we're trying to describe the data sources.

    7. App sync is not working and requests failed to reach Postman server.

>     **Note:** If none of the above reasons apply for your situation, please file a github issue so Postman team can look into it and address. 

Reviewer: Can we provide a link to where they can file a github issue?

> 6.	Why my API is not listed here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.	Why is my API is not listed here?
```

>     Your API may have been created in your personal workspace and not shared. You must share your API in a team workspace in order for your API to be listed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Reports only track data from APIs that have been shared to team workspaces. Your API may have been created in your personal workspace.
```

> 7.	How recent is the reporting data shown in the graph?

Reviewer: This is not giving any additional information that the user can't find in the UI. I think we should remove this question.

        In the above screen, the response size is shown for Jun 12. No request is sent on other dates in the graph. 

    3.	Average response time

        The average response time is calculated based on the time taken to return the response of the request and the number of requests sent on a particular day. The following screen illustrates this:

        [![team api req](https://s3.amazonaws.com/postman-static-getpostman-com/postman-docs/Reports-AvgRespTime.png)](https://s3.amazonaws.com/postman-static-getpostman-com/postman-docs/Reports-AvgRespTime.png) 

        In the above screen, the response time is shown for Jun 12. No response is received on other dates because no request is sent.

    4.	Failed test runs

        Gives you the number of failed tests for collection runs during a period of time. The summary average is calculated by taking into account all the days (even if no request is sent during a day). 

9.	What are the data sources Postman uses to calculate metrics?

>     Postman uses the data in its **History** tab to calculate the metrics. However, for failed test runs, Postman obtains the data from Collection runs.

Reviewer: Again, we need a better way of describing this. Could we just say that the report tracks manual request sent in the app, excluding Newman and Monitors?

> 10.	How do I view per-day metrics?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10.	How do I view metrics for a particular day?
```

Reviewer: I think this is another instance in which we can let the design speak for itself. I don't think we need this question.

    To view per-day metrics, point your cursor on a particular date on the graph and click to view per-day metrics. The following screen illustrates viewing per-day metrics:

    [![reports per day](https://s3.amazonaws.com/postman-static-getpostman-com/postman-docs/Reports-PerDay1.gif)](https://s3.amazonaws.com/postman-static-getpostman-com/postman-docs/Reports-PerDay1.gif) 

> 11.	Why summary average response size does not match with the average of the graph?

Reviewer: I don't understand this question or this answer

    Typically, raw data is accounted for when calculating averages. In order to determine an accurate average, you must not calculate averages using data from already derived averages.   

> 12.	Can I view details of entities for which they don’t have access to?

Reviewer: Let's reframe this. The real question is how reporting works with permissions. Let's describe how that will work.

    No, you cannot view the details of entities for which you don't have access.

> 13.	Why Response size/time and response codes are empty when requests are sent?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13.	Why aren't the reports capturing the response size, response time or response code data for my requests? 
```
